(I once)
(had a dream,)
(A dream...)
(That left me shaken to my core.)
(In it,)
(the one I had been waiting for)
(finally returned,)
(yet their gender was unclear,)
(shrouded in mystery,)
(You and I)
(have struggled too long)
(in the snares of hatred.)
(Now,)
(here in this palace hall...)
(We find our release at last.)
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 1=
By imperial decree,
(10 years ago, 22nd year of Chengshun Reign)
Crown Prince Chu Ying is summoned!
(That year,)
(I lost my mother.)
(My father, the Emperor, a man I had never met
summoned me to the palace.)
(But all I saw)
(was a distant, blurred silhouette,)
(and beside it,)
(a woman with the eyes of a wolf.)
Greetings, Father and Mother.
Your father
is asleep.
(Consort Sheng)
Come here.
(Chu Ying)
Poor little thing.
Eat.
I'm not hungry.
Then...
Eat this.
You won't eat anything.
If word gets out,
people will think I'm abusing you.
Eat it!
I should take my leave.
That ungrateful brat.
Your Highness, the Crown Prince might've found
out the truth about his birth mother's death.
If he one day
truly ascends the throne,
he might...
Shut
up.
Yes, Your Highness.
Please calm down.
I'm sorry.
Issue my order.
The Crown Prince is being insolent.
From now on, other than me,
no one is permitted to give him food.
Anyone who disobeys
will be flogged to death.
Mother,
I'm starving.
(What's that smell?)
(It smells so good.
(Xiao Man)
(Chicken leg)
Where did you come from, little eunuch?
How dare you
try to sneak palace property
out in the dead of night!
I...
Please don't report me.
I was just bringing food
to Little Flower.
Food?
Give it to me.
You can take it.
You poor thing.
To think there's someone in the palace
who starves.
Mmm...
Delicious.
So,
who is Little Flower?
Why are you bringing her food?
Little Flower?
Oh, she's my dog.
I keep her here in the palace.
What's wrong?
Are you choking?
Which palace are you from?
And what are you doing out here so late?
You
don't know who I am?
This is Little Flower.
Say hello.
Woof, woof.
Don't be scared. It won't bite.
You can come find me tomorrow.
I'll bring more food for
you and Little Flower.
By the way,
my name is Xiao Man.
What's yours?
My...
My name...
I can't tell you.
Alright.
I'll just call you
Big Flower from now on.
First you feed me dog food,
now you're naming me after a dog?
Well, you won't tell me who you are.
The performers from the
Imperial Music Office are rehearsing.
You look so sad.
Here, let me teach you how to dance.
No.
I don't know
how to dance.
Come on, try it.
Give me your hand.
Just follow me.
Lift it up.
And down.
And turn.
No.
Turn this way.
Come.
Hold my hand.
Whenever I'm sad,
I dance.
As long as I'm dancing,
all my worries just float away.
See?
It doesn't matter if you're any good.
What matters is being happy.
I'll remember that.
Being good at it doesn't matter,
being happy does.
Dancing makes you happy.
It's too late.
I have to go back.
See you tomorrow,
Big Flower.
You have to come tomorrow, okay?
I'll be waiting for you.
I will. I promise.
Let's dance again tomorrow.
Woof!
Mm.
(His Majesty has passed away!)
The late Emperor has passed,
returning to the Five Elements.
(By the grace of Heaven)
(and the great legacy
of the former sages,)
(I, in accordance with the final
decree of the late Emperor,)
(hereby ascend the imperial throne.)
(The coming year)
(shall be proclaimed the first year
of Hongzheng Reign.)
(A general amnesty is hereby
proclaimed throughout the land,)
(that we may make a new beginning
with the people. So decreed.)
(Sun Gong, Minister of War)
(He Yi, Minister of Rites)
His Majesty is still young,
and affairs of state are heavy.
For the time being,
I shall oversee
the court's administration for him.
Wait.
(Chu Wuju, Grand Princess)
How dare you storm the hall
with soldiers on His Majesty's
accession, Grand Princess!
Are you attempting a rebellion?
Consort Sheng, you've poisoned
the inner palace for so long.
For years, you murdered
pregnant consorts
and many of the late Emperor's heirs.
If palace attendants
hadn't shielded him,
the new Emperor would
have died long ago.
And now,
you wish to become another Empress Wu?
Seize her!
Don't you dare!
Yes, Your Highness!
I am the Noble Consort personally
appointed by the late Emperor.
Who dares to touch me?
I have served His Majesty
since he was seven,
weathered countless storms at his side.
Without me,
there would be no Great Qian
as it stands today!
The late Emperor has
barely been laid to rest,
and you dare humiliate me
before the new ruler?!
If you raise your voice one more time,
I will have your head
mounted on the gates
as a gift
to celebrate the new reign.
Chu Wuju,
you really think
you'll gain control of the court
by dragging me down?
The throne belongs to that boy.
When his wings are fully grown,
what happened to me today
will happen to you one day.
You and your husband
will share my fate in the end.
Ungrateful brat!
Do you dare sit on that throne?
The moment you do,
you'll be alone for life,
walking on thin ice.
Take her away.
Await execution.
You will die upon that throne!
You will die
upon that throne!
Young emperor,
starting today,
I will be overseeing
the court's administration.
Well?
What's wrong, young emperor?
Why are you looking at me like that?
You look so sad.
Here, let me teach you how to dance.
Come on, try it.
See?
It doesn't matter if you're any good.
What matters is being happy.
I'll remember that.
Being good at it doesn't matter,
being happy does.
Dancing makes you happy.
You got rid of the bad person, Aunt.
I'm happy.
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪
(Whenever I'm sad,)
(I dance.)
(As long as I'm dancing,)
(all my worries just float away.)
A newly crowned emperor dancing
on the throne itself at his accession.
This is unheard of.
Utterly absurd.
♪Love blooms and withers♪
♪The more I try to forget
the fiercer the love burns♪
♪The more I retreat
the sharper it feels♪
♪How am I supposed to let go♪
♪And bring this story to an end♪
- Long live the Emperor!
(Who could have foreseen)
(that our tale)
(would unfold in such a way.)
♪How absurd that this longing
just won't die♪
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪